[ADD] point_of_sale: documentation for urbanPiper Integration (#11496)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/point_of_sale/online_food_delivery/urban_piper.rst

    .. image:: urban_piper/food_delivery_connector.png
        :alt: Food Delivery Connector

Create your Location on Atlas
-----------------------------

#. Go to :ref:`POS settings <configuration/settings>` and find the Food Delivery Connector.
#. Press the :guilabel:`Create Store` button.

    .. image:: urban_piper/create_store.png
        :alt: Create store

    .. note::
      After successfully creating the store, a success notification will appear. Note that the
      create store process can take 2-3 minutes to update the locations on the UrbanPiper Atlas
      platform. Store name is same as your point of sale name.

Configure products for Online Food Delivery
-------------------------------------------

#. Go to the :guilabel:`Point of Sale` tab on the product form by navigating to
   :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Products --> Products`, then click on any product.

#. Fill in the details under the :guilabel:`URBAN PIPER` section.

    .. image:: urban_piper/product_form.png
        :alt: Product form

#. To make multiple products available for food delivery, switch to list view, select the products,

>    and Point of Sale :guilabel:`Available on Food Delivery`.

Reviewer: The last part of the instruction isn't clear

    .. image:: urban_piper/product_list.png
        :alt: Product list

> Sync Menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sync menu
```

=========

> #. Go to :ref:`POS settings <configuration/settings>` and find the Food Delivery Connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to :ref:`POS settings <configuration/settings>` and scroll down the :guilabel:`Food Delivery Connector`.
```

#. Press the :guilabel:`Sync menu` button.

    .. note::

>       After successfully syncing the menu, a success notification will appear. Below the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      After successfully syncing the menu, a notification will appear. Below the
```

      :guilabel:`Sync menu` button, the :guilabel:`Last Sync on` timestamp will display. Note that
      the sync menu process can take 2-3 minutes to update the menu on the UrbanPiper Atlas
      platform.

    .. image:: urban_piper/sync_menu.png
        :alt: Sync menu

Request to Go Live
==================

> #. Log-in in `Go to the Locations <https://atlas.urbanpiper.com/locations>`_ tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. `Go to the Locations tab <https://atlas.urbanpiper.com/locations>`_ of your Atlas account.
```

    .. image:: urban_piper/atlas_location.png
        :alt: Locations menu

> #. Click on the location you want to activate, then press the :guilabel:`Request to Go Live` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Click on the location you want to activate, then press the :guilabel:`Request to go Live` button.
```

    .. image:: urban_piper/location_go_live.png
        :alt: Go live

> #. Select the platform(s) you want to activate and press Next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Select the platform(s) you want to activate and press :guilabel:`Next`.
```

    .. image:: urban_piper/go_live_popup.png
        :alt: Go live popup

> #. Now, configure the platform’s parameters, such as Platform ID and Platform URL, to establish the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Configure the platform’s parameters, such as :guilabel:`Platform ID` and :guilabel:`Platform URL`, to establish the
```

   connection between the platform and UrbanPiper, then press the :guilabel:`Request to Go Live`
   button.

    .. image:: urban_piper/go_live_parameters.png
        :alt: Go live parameters

#. To verify that your location is live, check the list view of locations. In the

>    :guilabel:`Assoc. platform(s)` column, click on any provider and review the status of that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`Assoc. platform(s)` column, select any provider and review the status of that
```

   specific platform for this location.

    .. image:: urban_piper/platform_status.png
        :alt: Platform status

> Order Flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Order flow
```

==========

> #. When someone places an order via any food delivery platform :guilabel:`i.e. Zomato, UberEats`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. When someone places an order via any food delivery platform (e.g., Zomato, UberEats),
```

>    you will be notified with sound and a notification. To view the order, simply click on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   you will be notified with a sound and text notification. To view the order, click
```

>    "Review Order" and you will be redirected to the orders page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`Review Orders` and you will be redirected to the orders page.
```

    .. image:: urban_piper/order_notification.png
        :alt: Order notification

> #. Additionally, there is a cart button in the navbar. Clicking this button will give you options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Additionally, there is a cart button in the navbar. Clicking this button gives you options
```
"gives you options" isn't clear? "_The number of orders at each stage is displayed_" or something like that?

>    for :guilabel:`New, Ongoing, and Done`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   for :guilabel:`New`, :guilabel:`Ongoing`, and :guilabel:`Done`.
```

    .. image:: urban_piper/cart_button.png
        :alt: Cart button

    .. note::

>         The "New" button indicates placed orders, "Ongoing" is for acknowledged orders, and "Done"
>         is for food-ready orders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The :guilabel:`New` button indicates placed orders, :guilabel:`Ongoing` is for acknowledged orders, and :guilabel:`Done`
        is for food-ready orders.
```

#. After clicking the :guilabel:`Accept` button, the order is acknowledged.

    .. image:: urban_piper/order_accept.png
        :alt: Order accepted

> #. After :guilabel:`acknowledged` the order it will display on the preparation display if kichen
>    display is configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The order will be displayed on the preparation display if the kitchen
   display is configured.
```

    .. image:: urban_piper/kichen_display_order.png
        :alt: Kitchen display order

> #. When the order is ready, simply click :guilabel:`Mark as ready`, and the order status changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. When the order is ready, click :guilabel:`Mark as ready`, and the order status changes
```

   to :guilabel:`Food Ready`, marking the order as paid.

    .. image:: urban_piper/order_ready.png
        :alt: Order ready

> #. In some cases, the shop/restaurant may want to cancel an order. In this case, click on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In some cases, the shop/restaurant may want to cancel an order. In this case, click 
```

>    :guilabel:`Reject`, and a pop-up will appear like below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`Reject`, and a will pop-up appear.
```

    .. image:: urban_piper/reject_order.png
        :alt: Reject order pop-up

    .. note::
        For Swiggy orders, they cannot be directly rejected. If you attempt to reject a Swiggy

>         order, Swiggy customer support will contact the restaurant. Similarly, "Deliveroo",
>         "JustEat", and "HungerStation" do not support order rejection. Ensure to follow the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        order, Swiggy customer support will contact the restaurant. Similarly, Deliveroo,
        JustEat, and HungerStation do not support order rejection. Ensure to follow the
```

single interface.

Supported Providers

- `UberEats <https://www.ubereats.com>`_
- `Careem <https://www.careem.com>`_
- `Talabat <https://www.talabat.com>`_
- `DoorDash <https://www.doordash.com>`_
- `Grubhub <https://www.grubhub.com>`_
- `Deliveroo <https://deliveroo.co.uk/>`_
- `Just Eat <https://www.just-eat.ie/>`_
- `EatEasy <https://www.eateasy.ae/dubai>`_
- `Postmates <https://www.postmates.com>`_
- `NoonFood <https://www.noon.com>`_
- `SkipTheDishes <https://www.skipthedishes.com/>`_
- `Jahez <https://www.jahez.net/>`_
- `Rafeeq <https://www.gorafeeq.com/en>`_
- `HungryPanda <https://www.hungrypanda.co>`_
- `Ninja <https://ananinja.com/>`_
- `ChowNow <https://www.chownow.com>`_
- `Cari <https://getcari.com/>`_
- `HungerStation <https://hungerstation.com>`_
- `Mrsool <https://mrsool.co>`_
- `Swiggy <https://www.swiggy.com>`_
- `Zomato <https://www.zomato.com>`_
- `Glovo <https://glovoapp.com>`_

Configuration
=============

.. _urban_piper/credentials:

UrbanPiper credentials
----------------------

`Go to your Atlas account <https://atlas.urbanpiper.com>`_ and retrieve your API key and username by
navigating to :menuselection:`Settings --> API Access`

> 

Author: > I don't know if that's correct, but if you can create an account from Odoo, than it deserves to be a tip:

Filling out this form does not create an account; it only adds the data to the survey form. After this, a series of procedures are followed. The account is created by Odoo, not by the customer. The customer only receives the login credentials after completing this form.

> 

Reviewer 2: Ok, in that case it's even more important than just a tip, I've put it as a step
